Thank you. Now, again we continue with the teaching of the Aamud Inadhamdara.
Aamud Inadhamdara is the highest decision, or is the pick of the Mahayana teachings.
And that is the MahÄrati teaching.
And within the Aadeya teaching, there is also, divided as three sections.
The mind sections, spirit sections, feet and sacrum sections.
So there is three sections, those are the teachings, always mentioned.
And among the feet and sacrum sections, there is also, divided in four groups.
Outlaw, inner, and the cigarette, and mostly cigarette.
Those are the four groups.
Among that four groups, today we are, or this time,
we are following of the mostly cigarette teachings.
And for that reason, it is also known as the heart draw of the Madan Rakinis.
All enlightenment, really, this essence, is a nugget, enlightenment call it,
or nugget dharmakaya, we are really touching.
We are discovering that dharmakaya, dharmakaya as the mirror image,
as this great master, as this great lineage, lineage practice.
It is discovered, today we are discovered of that.
They all put as manual in the tips how to follow that,
and discover our inner nature of dharmakaya.
So this is the greatest, and most powerful, yet it is most so simple,
in the so directed practices, for those reasons.
Again, we should always be grateful, joyful, to many double levels.
We are ourselves as human beings, and wonderful.
Not just only that, we have the 18 endowments.
Not every human being has that, and we have the 18 endowments.
Not just only that, we are activating that 18 endowments, call it this, really,
and practicing that.
It is so wonderful, so spiritual.
Therefore, fill you in happy, our song, and fill you in happy,
and create you to the lineage.
Masterless, all the lineage, from the Buddha, Samman, the Buddha,
or the Buddha, Knyakyamuni, all the way.
They preserve this teaching, teaching in a continuous.
So we have to kind of look to these teachings as much as we can,
and discover our inner nature.
That's really so, so spiritual.
So those levels, we should always be grateful, joyful,
feel very devoted, devotions from the heart.
Not just the same, these things.
It's really from the core of the heart, in the teachings.
Follow the examples of those great master,
Jinwi Lempa and Lemchimpa, and as well as Bhartu Rumbuji.
So all of them, we call the great masters.
When we read this large story, how much they have?
They just act as ordinary, but they're devotions.
They're drawn for effort to the Dharma.
They're just mind-boggling.
Really, so powerful, so simple.
And they're drawn to the earth, grown,
not just kind of claiming this and that, this, that.
Those, we say, they're all emanation, they're there.
Those are said by the students.
They're promoted there.
I'm sure they are there.
Them shall sit just as a regular person, practicing meditation.
And what we see, they actualize.
They met the difference in their lives.
Really, truly, they met.
Where they act in the beginning,
and where they propose the goals, that is different.
That is the nugget result.
Nugget is sign, evidence.
They met some big chains in there.
And so, therefore, for joy and happy and appreciation
and the devotions.
Together with that, and then compassion.
Bow in kindness, compassion of all living beings.
That is essence of this.
Also, joka is bodhicata.
Bodhicata.
Joka is absolute bodhicata.
Absolute bodhicata and relative bodhicata are inseparable
and identical, united.
Relative bodhicata is accumulation practice,
accumulation merit.
And the worst, absolute bodhicata is worst merit.
Worst merit and accumulation merit are needed in the teachings.
Without that, we won't get realization.
Devotion and two merits are really so important.
So important.
And to activate those accumulation merits,
gracious teachings, bodhicata can be laid out so perfectly
and beautifully, those six parameters practice.
Those are generally, all those five parameters are,
according to teaching, are accumulation practice.
Wisdom is the zokki practice, the paramata.
Wisdom is the paramata of the zokki meditation.
So therefore, generating bodhicata is so important
and so necessary.
And to get enlightenment.
This is also not just a kind of talking and thinking
that trying to activate those up from the heart,
really, as much as you can.
Then, that's what really makes it very, very special.
So it's good for us now.
It's good to help those who, when we leave this world,
also really will leave very confidence and joy
and really with kind of fulfillment, really will leave.